[Music]
it is possible to limit users so that
they are only able to access certain
modules and Carry Out certain operations
based on their role type for this reason
we've created different user roles the
first role type is the admin role if a
user has this role they can access
certain settings in the editor and live
modules they have control over all
settings in the settings menu any
changes to any of the different types of
settings can only be made by the Admin
role admins are also the only users that
can add edit delete and reset users in
Cutting Room tenants when admins connect
Integrations and make it a shared Source
any user can access content from that
integration furthermore only admins can
delete files in Cutting
Room the second role type is the editor
someone with this role has access to the
main story page and the editor module
this means that all editing functions
are available to the editor role while
editors can see the option to delete
stories this is not a selectable option
for them they also cannot delete any
content
files editors can also connect and
remove Integrations but any Integrations
added by someone with just the editor
role and not the admin role cannot be
made a shared source for other users to
to access the third Ro type is the live
rooll this grants a user access to the
live module they will be able to
navigate between live input channels
search in the live stream and create
subclips for
editing for someone with only the live
rooll this screen will be visible to
them upon logging into Cutting Room for
someone with both the editor and live
roles the main story page will be
visible upon logging in but this person
can navigate between the editor and live
modules by clicking on the menu button
in the top left corner the fourth role
type is the reporter role this is in
relation to The Cutting Room reporter
iPhone app someone with the reporter
role will be able to connect the
reporter app to The Cutting Room tenant
account and directly share any recorded
videos in the app to The Cutting Room if
someone without the reporter role tries
to log into the reporter app they will
be met with this screen they can record
videos in the app but it won't be shared
to Cutting Room a user can have one a
combination or all roles applied the
role or roles that a user is given is
set when that user is added to The
Cutting Room tenant by someone with the
admin role